To make a game like Ready Player One, where you have to discover things and solve puzzles, move around a city to win a prize, but all in real life, you would need to:

Choose a city. The city you choose should be large enough to have a variety of different locations and activities, but small enough that you can easily get around on foot or by bicycle.
Create a map. The map should show all of the locations in the city that are important to the game. You can use a digital map or a physical map.
Hide clues. Clues should be hidden at different locations throughout the city. The clues should lead players to the next location or to the prize.
Create puzzles. Puzzles should be placed at different locations throughout the city. The puzzles should be challenging but not impossible to solve.
Set a prize. The prize should be something that players will want to win. It could be a physical object, such as a trophy or a gift card, or it could be an experience, such as a trip to a theme park or a concert.
Once you have created the game, you can start promoting it. You can create a website or social media page for the game, or you can spread the word by word-of-mouth. Once you have enough players, you can start the game!

Here are some additional tips for creating a game like Ready Player One:

Make the game challenging but fair. Players should be able to solve the puzzles and find the clues if they put in the effort. However, the game should not be so difficult that players get frustrated and give up.
Make the game fun. The most important factor is that players have fun playing the game. If the game is not fun, players will not want to play it.
Get feedback from players. As you playtest the game, get feedback from players. This will help you identify any problems with the game and make improvements.
I hope these tips help you create a game like Ready Player One!

	Bogotá, Colombia is a great city for a game like Ready Player One. It is a large city with a lot of history and culture, 	but it is also a very walkable city. This means that players can easily get around the city and explore all of the 	different locations.

	Here are some ideas for clues and puzzles that you could hide in Bogotá:

	Clues could be hidden in the city's many museums, art galleries, and historical sites.
	Puzzles could be based on Colombian history, culture, or literature.
	The prize could be a trip to a Colombian coffee farm, a visit to the Amazon rainforest, or a concert by a Colombian band.
	Here is a possible starting point for your game:

	The first clue could be hidden in the Gold Museum.	
	The clue could lead players to the National Library of Colombia.
	The puzzle at the National Library of Colombia could be a riddle about Colombian literature.
	The answer to the riddle could lead players to the Plaza de Bolívar.
	The prize could be a trip to a Colombian coffee farm.
	This is just a rough idea, of course. You can customize the game to fit your own interests and creativity. I hope this 	helps!